Stack is a linear data structure which follows a particular order in which the operations are performed. The order may be LIFO(Last In First Out) or FILO(First In Last Out)
A stack is a conceptual structure consisting of a set of homogeneous elements and is based on the principle of last in first out (LIFO). It is a commonly used abstract data type with two major operations, namely push and pop. Push and pop are carried out on the topmost element, which is the item most recently added to the stack
A stack is a container of objects that are inserted and removed according to the last-in first-out (LIFO) principle. In the pushdown stacks only two operations are allowed: push the item into the stack, and pop the item out of the stack. A stack is a limited access data structure - elements can be added and removed from the stack only at the top. push adds an item to the top of the stack, pop removes the item from the top
In computer science, a stack is an abstract data type that serves as a collection of elements, with two principal operations,push, which adds an element to the collection, and pop, which removes the most recently added element that was not yet removed.The order in which elements come off a stack gives rise to its alternative name, LIFO (last in, first out)
In computing, a stack is a data structure used to store a collection of objects. Individual items can be added and stored in a stack using a push operation. Objects can be retrieved using a pop operation, which removes an item from the stack.When an object is added to a stack, it is placed on the top of all previously entered items. When an item is removed, it can either be removed from the top or bottom of the stack. A stack in which items are removed the top is considered a "LIFO" (Last In, First Out) stack
Stack is an abstract data type with a bounded(predefined) capacity. It is a simple data structure that allows adding and removing elements in a particular order. Every time an element is added, it goes on the top of the stack and the only element that can be removed is the element that is at the top of the stack
A stack is an ordered collection of items where the addition of new items and the removal of existing items always takes place at the same end. This end is commonly referred to as the top The end opposite the top is known as the base
In programming, a special type of data structure in which items are removed in the reverse order from that in which they are added, so the most recently added item is the first one removed. This is also called last-in, first-out (LIFO) Adding an item to a stack is called pushing. Removing an item from a stack is called popping


